Sure, I don't mind. Although I apologize since it is a bit lengthy explanation. Simply put, it is a open source web application which has a compilation of many low-tech skills which I've collected from various sources on the internet over the years. Some of my sources include several youtubers like Primitive Technology, HTME, Advoko makes, Cody'sLab, Robert Murray Smith, Townsends, CoalCracker Bushcraft, Mr. Chickadee, NightHawkInLight, Tod's Workshop, Rex Kruger, and many more. 

The idea is to have a collection of all these useful skills in one single location with all the sources/instructions attached, and since it is open source people can download the collection from the website and add to it if they want. And people can also download it to take with them out in the wild if they want to try and use it as a reference. 

But it also will go further than that, since I want more people to have the opportunity to do what these fellas did and go out into the wild but with an actual well developed plan which they can use to essentially run their own experiments out in nature. So for this to work, I am working on developing a customizable, flexible tech-tree on the front-end of the website which allows people to set a goal, and this tech tree will map out the fastest route to that goal, based on the users circumstances. 

For example, if someone wanted to build a thatched roof like in this video, they would choose that technology in the tech tree, and the app would map out the quickest path from where you are to that point. So if I was out in the woods with no tools at all, I would be directed to find a stick, and then some twine, and then, make a sharp stone axe head using a stone. The app will be very specific with steps to take in order to do these things, and provide video sources of people actually doing them (or online articles if videos don't exist). Then after that it would give the instructions for building the thatched roof. But since this app also keeps a record of a persons progress, it can tell if you have the necessary tools already, and if that is the case it would instead just direct you how you can build the thatched roof immediately.

The intention is for this app to be a good foundation for people to build upon, to be able to go from primitive tech all the way to modern day tech, if they were capable and could live a long enough time. :)  Kinda like the Dr. Stone anime.
